README.md, before:

Thank you for checking out The WuBoy Ultimate Modpack!

IMPORTANT NOTE: This version of the modpack was updated due to the new version of ARCropolis that was released.
Unfortunately, this means that many fake one-slot mods from the old version of my modpack are unusable, thus I had to make this new version.
You can still find the old version here: https://github.com/WuBoytH/WuBoyUltimateModpack-OLD

This version of the modpack also has no need for the "Skin Fixes" folder from the previous version.

Installation:
First, grab the lastest ARCropolis from https://github.com/Raytwo/ARCropolis/
Drag all of the files (except for README.md and Final Kill Screen Preview.png) into the following directory:
 - atmosphere\contents\01006A800016E000\romfs\arcropolis\workspaces

If you have not used ARCropolis since they added the Workspace feature *and* don't see any mods loading, please do the following:

1. Open Smash Ultimate and go to the main menu.
2. Open the ZR menu.
3. Select "Help".
4. Select "Mode Help"
5. Select "The WuBoy Ultimate Modpack" in the Workspace Manager.
6. Restart the game and see the changes!

If you have a previous version of the modpack installed, please delete the following folders before installing anew:
 - SD:\ultimate\mods\The WuBoy Ultimate Modpack
 - SD:\ultimate\mods\The WuBoy Ultimate Modpack Music
 - SD:\ultimate\mods\The WuBoy Ultimate Modpack Optionals

Notes:

All the changes found in the WuBoy Ultimate Modpack can be found here:
 - https://tinyurl.com/WuBoyModpack
 - https://tinyurl.com/WuBoyModpackMusic

The WuBoy Ultimate Modpack Optionals includes:
 - text edits throughout menus, Star Fox's final smash subtitles, and Hero's spell list, for the fun of it =)
 - "THE WHEEL OF FATE IS TURNING" from BlazBlue Centralfiction, when the announcer says "READY" in a battle arena
 - an iDubbbz "Hey!" when you get a parry

If you do not wish to use any of these, feel free to delete "The WuBoy Modpack Optionals" from SD:\ultimate\mods\.
If you wish to keep only some of these, the files are as follows:

 - Text edits: The WuBoy Ultimate Modpack Optionals\ui\message\msg_melee.msbt and msg_menu.msbt
 - "THE WHEEL OF FATE IS TURNING": The WuBoy Ultimate Modpack Optionals\sound\bank\narration\vc_narration_menu.nus3audio
 - iDubbbz "Hey!" parry: The WuBoy Ultimate Modpack Optionals\sound\bank\common\se_common.nus3audio

Special Thanks:
 - @borboracci for helping make music extensions
 - All of those who worked on ARCropolis and Ultimate Mod Manager for helping me spark the idea to make a modpack
 - KGP and ShoopdaWooper for convincing me to make a Smash 4 modpack all those years ago
 - The Scarlet Smash community for being cool ;)

ISSUES/BUGS:

 - Steve's custom Final Smash video has a gap in the audio, due to how his sound effects work.
 - I don't have announcer calls ready for every character yet, so some characters may have mis-matched announcer calls. This will be fixed in due time.

Commit message:

Changed how the modpack is structured by adding updates to their own folder

README.md, after:

Thank you for checking out The WuBoy Ultimate Modpack! Full modpack last updated 3/16/21.

IMPORTANT NOTE: This version of the modpack was updated due to the new version of ARCropolis that was released.
Unfortunately, this means that many fake one-slot mods from the old version of my modpack are unusable, thus I had to make this new version.
[You can still find the old version here.] (https://github.com/WuBoytH/WuBoyUltimateModpack-OLD)

Another note, you will now see an Updates folder, which will hold all of the updated files since the previous version.
I will also be putting the date of the previous full version on the top of the README, so you know what to download.
I will merge the updates with the rest of the modpack after enough updates.

Installation:
[Grab the lastest ARCropolis from here.] (https://github.com/Raytwo/ARCropolis/)
Drag all of the files (except for README.md and Final Kill Screen Preview.png) into the following directory:
 - SD:\ultimate\mods\

If you have a previous version of the modpack installed, please delete the following folders before installing anew:
 - SD:\ultimate\mods\The WuBoy Ultimate Modpack
 - SD:\ultimate\mods\The WuBoy Ultimate Modpack Music
 - SD:\ultimate\mods\The WuBoy Ultimate Modpack Optionals

Notes:

All the changes found in the WuBoy Ultimate Modpack can be found here:
 - https://tinyurl.com/WuBoyModpack
 - https://tinyurl.com/WuBoyModpackMusic

The WuBoy Ultimate Music Modpack now supports the One-Slot Victory Theme mod by Coolsonickirby!
 - [Download instructions can be found here.] ("https://gamebanana.com/gamefiles/17417")

The WuBoy Ultimate Modpack Optionals includes:
 - text edits throughout menus, Star Fox's final smash subtitles, and Hero's spell list, for the fun of it =)
 - "THE WHEEL OF FATE IS TURNING" from BlazBlue Centralfiction, when the announcer says "READY" in a battle arena
 - an iDubbbz "Hey!" when you get a parry

If you do not wish to use any of these, feel free to delete "The WuBoy Modpack Optionals" from SD:\ultimate\mods\.
If you wish to keep only some of these, the files are as follows:

 - Text edits: The WuBoy Ultimate Modpack Optionals\ui\message\msg_melee.msbt and msg_menu.msbt
 - "THE WHEEL OF FATE IS TURNING": The WuBoy Ultimate Modpack Optionals\sound\bank\narration\vc_narration_menu.nus3audio
 - iDubbbz "Hey!" parry: The WuBoy Ultimate Modpack Optionals\sound\bank\common\se_common.nus3audio

Special Thanks:
 - @borboracci for helping make music extensions
 - All of those who worked on ARCropolis and Ultimate Mod Manager for helping me spark the idea to make a modpack
 - KGP and ShoopdaWooper for convincing me to make a Smash 4 modpack all those years ago
 - The Scarlet Smash community for being cool ;)

ISSUES/BUGS:

 - Steve's custom Final Smash video has a gap in the audio, due to how his sound effects work.
 - I don't have announcer calls ready for every character yet, so some characters may have mis-matched announcer calls. This will be fixed in due time.
